Journey to the West Chapter 8, a job in heaven. The Jade Emperor was sitting on his throne in the cloud palace. A messenger ran into the court. Your Majesty. He said. The dragon king of the Eastern Sea is here to see you. Let him in. Said the Emperor. The dragon king entered and bowed. Your Majesty, I want to make a complaint. Sun Woo-Gong came to my palace and demanded I give him a weapon. He was very rude. Another messenger came in. The judge of the dead would like to speak with you, Your Majesty. The judge came in and bowed. A monkey named Sun Woo-Gong crossed out his name in the directory. A bug you to polish him. The Jade Emperor rubbed his chin. Who is this Sun Woo-Gong? And how did he become so powerful? The Emperor's captain stepped forward. Sun Woo-Gong is the monkey who was born from a rock 300 years ago. I don't know how he became so powerful. I remember him. Said the Jade Emperor. I don't care how powerful he is. He is causing too much trouble on earth. Gather some troops and go down to the fruit and flower mountain. I want Sun Woo-Gong arrested. The spirit of the planet Venus stepped forward. Your Majesty said Venus. Perhaps we could give Wukong a job here in heaven. The Jade Emperor raised his eyebrows. Why would we do that? If he's here, we can keep an eye on him. Said Venus. It will be easy to keep him out of trouble. Very well. Said the Emperor. Invite Wukong to come to live in heaven. He will be in charge of the royal peach garden. Wukong was telling his subjects about his adventure in the land of darkness. After I crossed out my name, he said, I crossed out all of your names too. We will all live forever. The monkeys and eights cheered. Where was he came? Wukong a spirit standing nearby. He pulled out his iron bar. Who are you? I am Venus. Said the spirit. I have an invitation from the Jade Emperor. He would like you to come to live in heaven. Who congs smiled? At last he is invited me. When we'll congnose the royal court in the cloud palace, he didn't bow. You're supposed to bow before the Emperor. Whispered Venus? Who congnose? I'm just as powerful as he is. Maybe he should bow before me. Everyone but the Jade Emperor guessed. Who congn looked at the Emperor? I'm glad you invited me. I guess you finally realized I should be living up here with all of you. Show some respect. Said Venus. The Jade Emperor looked at Venus and smiled. Who congnose knew you? He can be excused for not acting the right way. He looked at Wukong. I'm putting you in charge of the royal peach garden. You will have a home here in heaven. I hope you won't cause any more trouble. That sounds perfect. Said Wukong. The next morning a gardener showed Wukong the peach garden. Bright glowing peaches hung from every branch. The peaches in this garden are not like peaches on earth. Said the gardener. These peaches take thousands of years to become ripe. Anybody who takes a bite of one will live forever. Each morning Wukong inspected the trees in the garden. He took his job very seriously. These peaches looked delicious. He looked at the tree. He looked at the tree. He looked around. None of the gardeners were in sight. Maybe I'll eat one.