Journey to the West, chapter 103, the land of the West. Who can return from the Land of Darkness? Lady Koo brought the travelers back to her house. Inside the coffin, the Squire's body was gray and lifeless. Who can't lean over the coffin and recite it as stone. Lady Koo guessed as color returns to her husband's face. It's working! Fidwoo-jing. The Squire is coming back to life! Said the Tang monk. Bajie-Likt-Zlifth. Maybe the Squire will thank us with a big feast! Squire, Koo, sat up and smiled. Thank you, Wukong. He climbed out of the coffin and turned to his wife. Tears filled her eyes, the two embraced. That night, Squire and Lady Koo held a feast to thank Wukong. And the next morning, they let the travelers leave without any argument. Good luck, Koo-Zlifth. Koo-Zlifth is a part of the day. The Tang monk and his companions travelled for many more months. Who reign and snow, heat and cold, they slowly continued west. One day, the road went into a beautiful land. There were flowers and magnificent trees. People smiled at the travelers and offered food. The Tang monk stared in amazement. What is this place? We are in the west. Said Wukong. We are very close to the western paradise. A woman held out a basket of plums. Bajie scooped up a handful. I love this place! Look up ahead. Said Wujing, pointing to a row of tall buildings. It's an abbey. The road led through a large gate in the abbey. At the gate the monk got down from his horse. A young man greeted them. Are you the Tang monk? Ask the man. Yes. Said the monk. He waved towards the rest of the group. And these are my.. You finally arrived! The man laughs. I was starting to think that the boat is off a gwanian and tricked me. She told me you would arrive in a year or so. But that was over 10 years ago. The Tang monk bowed. Forgive me. I wanted to arrive much sooner, but we faced many dangers and delays along the way. Bajie snored in. And this place wasn't very easy to find either. The man smiled. There's no need to apologize. I'm the greater mortal of the golden head, and this Abby is my home. Beyond it lies the western paradise. Come inside and rest before you continue. Servant spilled tubs with warm perfume water, and the travelers took baths. It's no good to get clean. Said Bajie. I haven't had a bath in months. Blue Kong lab. Now we won't have to cover our noses when you're near. Bajie snored in. And splash water at Blue Kong. The monkey splash back. Everyone laughed. After their baths, the Tang monk put on the Buddhist robe, Gwanian had given them. Then the travelers enjoyed a large meal with the immortal. Servant's brought trays loaded with noodles, vegetables, tofu, and steamed buns. In the morning, the immortal lets the group out the back door of the Abby. The road continued west through a land even more beautiful and magical. Birds sign as animals leap playfully through the flowers. Brilliant light sparkles on everything. In the distance to the huge mountain, its peak was hidden by clouds. The time monk stared silently at the mountain. Who can't put his hand on the monk's shoulder? That's the spirit mountain master. We're almost at the end of our journey. A smile spread across the monk's face. The travelers thank the immortal. filled with energy now, they hurried down the road. The steep slopes of the spirit mountain towered over them.