We need to the west, chapter 105, the Thunder-Clapped Monster. The travelers walked up the spirit mountain. The mountain slopes were covered in pine trees, bamboo and flowers. Birds sang and small animals ran by. The tang monk stopped walking and turned to his companions. I want to thank you all. Said the monk. You have helped me to reach the western paradise. You saved me from demons countless times. I couldn't have gotten here without you. Who conged last? You don't need to thank us, Master. We all help each other. You helped me to be good. Now I will learn forgiveness for the evil things I did long ago. Wooching nodded. And I will learn forgiveness for breaking that glass in heaven. I will learn forgiveness for causing trouble in heaven too. Added Bajie. He waved a hand toward the horse. And remember that horse is really a dragon. He accidentally sent Mired to his father's palace. He too will earn forgiveness. Wooching smiled. See, Master. We are all thankful. They continued up the mountain and were soon surrounded by clouds. Bryce liked shown from the Thunder-Clapped Monster above. The travelers arrived at any northern state where two guards stood. Beyond the gate, the Thunder-Clapped Monastery towers and archers sparkles with bright light. Greetings. Said the monk to the guards. I am the Tang monk. And I am here to receive the true scriptures from Buddha. You may answer. Said one of the guards. The Tang monk and his companions reached a large hall. Buddha sat at the opposite end of the hall. Other Buddhas and Bodhisattvas stood behind him. Gwaniin was standing next to Buddha and smiling. The travelers bowed. Congratulations. Said Buddha. You have all traveled far and faced many challenges. You have done well. Wukong's heart's swell. He wiped his tears from his eye. Thank you. Said the Tang monk. It was an honor to make the journey. Servings brought a meal to the travelers. When the travelers were done eating, a guard led them to a large room filled with magical light and mist. Wouldn't chefs lie in the walls. Inside the chests were countless rolls. marvelous. The time monk murmured. The true scriptures are written on these scrolls. said the guard. He picked out three scrolls and handed them to the time monk. speechless. the monk gazed at the scrolls. Then he handed them to Wu Jing and Bajie. The two spirits carefully wrapped the scrolls and placed them in a bag. again the travelers bowed before Buddha. Take the true scriptures back to the tying empire. said Buddha. another long journey. Bajie murmured. Stop complaining Bajie. whispered Wukong. Bajie whispered back. don't tell me what to do. both of you stop arguing. whispered Wu Jing. Buddha was still talking. The scriptures will teach the people there to be good and to treat each other kindly. but take good care of the scriptures. they are extremely valuable. once you have delivered them, you shall come back here to receive your awards. where are you Buddha? said Wukong. we will protect the scriptures with our lives. a guard offered to carry the travelers to the tying empire. thank you. said the tying monk. water and leave. said Bajie. the guard beside the spell and then flew out of the monastery with the travelers. Buddha turned to Guanyin. the tying monk and his companions have done well. Guanyin nodded Wukong especially has learned a lot during the journey. he isn't violent anymore. i believe he is now a good Buddhist. just then a messenger ran into the hall. bony's atre. he cried. we have a problem. our problem.