Journey to the West, Chapter 13, The True Scriptures. Five hundred years passed. Wukong stayed trapped under the mountain. A thick layer of moss covered the mountain. One day Buddha sat in the Thunder-Clapp-Monsterie in the Western Paradise. He was talking to his students. The people in the East, in the Tang Empire, need our help. said Buddha. They lie, cheat and steal. They are greedy and constantly fighting. He held up a bundle of scrolls. These are the true Scriptures. They will teach the people in the East to act better. Wonderful. Said one student. Let's bring the Scriptures to the Tang Empire. Buddha shook his head. No. He said. A true believer, a monk, needs to come here to get them. Will anyone go to the East to find worthy monk? Guanyinan stepped forward. I will go. The Tang Empire smiled as his head monk read to a small group of people. The monk was reading old religious texts. A woman attracted the monk. Why are you reading those old texts? She asked. Don't you know about the true Scriptures? The Emperor stood up. How dare you interrupt my... It's okay. Said the monk. He walked over to the woman. What are the true Scriptures? The woman looked at the monk carefully. They contained many lessons. People who learn the lessons never have to suffer again. Do you have them here? Ask the monk. No. Said the woman. They are with Buddha in the Western paradise. Someone must travel to the Thunderclap monastery to get them. But only a true believer may make the journey. She took a robe out of her bag. Put this on. The monk put on the robe. Beams of light shown from it. The emperor gathers. You are a true believer. Said the woman. Will you make the journey? Yes. Said the monk, looking down at the glowing robe. It will be an honor. The journey will be very difficult. Said the woman. Wide rivers and steep mountains will block your path. fierce creatures and evil demons will try to attack you. But don't fear. You will have help from me. Suddenly the room filled with blinding light. The woman rose into the air and changed form. It's the Bodhisattva Guanyinan. Someone cried. The emperor and everyone else in the room bowed. Guanyinan rose higher and then disappeared. The next morning there was a huge beast. The tang emperor sat next to the monk. Your journey will help our empire greatly. Said the emperor. No longer will our people suffer or treat each other badly. From now on I will think of you as my brother. You will be called the tang monk. Thank you, Your Majesty. Said the tang monk. How long will the journey take? Ask the emperor. I will return in a few years. Said the monk. Later that day the tang monk got ready for his journey. He put the special robe into a bag. He put dry foods into another bag. A big crowd gathered to say goodbye. Good luck, my brother. Said the tang emperor. The tang monk climbed onto a horse and rode toward the west. He had traveled for over a month when he came to a big mountain. Slowly his horse walked up a steep trail. I have a bad feeling. Said the tang monk. He looked around un-easily. I hope there aren't any demons here. Suddenly a voice boomed. Who is walking on my mountain?