Journey to the West, chapter 18, the robe. Woo-Kong and Guanyin flew over the ocean and back to the wide river. From the sky, Guanyin called. Dragon, come out of the river at once. The tying monk is here. The dragon rose from the river and bowed. Bordishakva. He said, I'm sorry. I didn't realize the monk had arrived. I was trying to rest. A nasty monkey who was. The dragon stopped talking when he saw Woo-Kong next to Guanyin. That's him! This is Sun Woo-Kong, said Guanyin. He is traveling with the tying monk. The monkey didn't tell me that. Said the dragon. I even asked him who he was and he didn't answer. I know. said Guanyin. She shot Woo-Kong a look. From now on, you must tell people who you are. There are others waiting for you too. Okay. Said Woo-Kong. Guanyin looked back at the dragon. You will carry the tying monk to the western paradise. Sparkling lights surrounded the dragon. When the lights faded, a horse stood where the dragon had been. It looked exactly like the tying monk's horse. After Guanyin left, Woo-Kong led the horse to the tying monk. You got the horse back. Said the monk. No. Said Woo-Kong. Guanyin was here. She turned the dragon into a horse. He's supposed to come with us. The tying monk fell to his knees and bowed. Woo-Kong laughed. Stand up, master. The boat is off us back on Mount Poto-Laka by now. Do you need a ride? Call to voice. Woo-Kong spun around. A boat had arrived next to the shore. I will take you across the river. Said the boatman. The tent. Step on to the boat and Wu Kang followed with the horse. The boatman didn't speak as he rode them across the river. On the other side of the river, the monkey led the horse onto the shore. The tang monk stepped out of the boat. When he turned to thank the boatman, the boat was gone. Wu Kang laughed when he saw how confused the monk looked. He was the river's spirit. The monkey explained. The monk and the monkey continued their journey over hills and across plains. How long will it take to reach the western paradise? The tang monk asked one afternoon. A long, long time. Said Wu Kang. We barely started our journey. They walked some more until they reached a Buddhist monastery. Let's stop here for the night. Said Wu Kang. We're Buddhists. The priest and side will gladly give us some food in a place to sleep. Later that evening, the tang monk and Wu Kang ate a meal with the priests. When the head priest heard where the tang monk was going, he was excited. He was excited. He said the priest. That is quite an honor. How did the Bodhisattva choose you? She said that only a true believer could make the journey. Said the tang monk. I tried on a robe and saw that I was a true believer. Do you have the robe with you? Ask the priest. Yes. Said the tang monk. It's a Buddhist treasure. He reached into his bag and pulled out the robe. The priest's eyes sparkled. May I hold it? The tang monk handed the robe to the priest. The priest admired it for a moment. May I borrow it just for tonight? The tang monk hesitated. I guess that would be okay. Late that night, the priest was awake. Gazing at the robe. I can't return this robe. I must have it.