Journey to the West, Chapter 20, The Black Bear Spirit. Woo-Kong, Glared at the two-scared priests. The robe is gone. He cried. Where did it go? We don't know. Said one priest. We tried to find it. Added the other. The robe was in a room that didn't get burned at all. But it's not there anymore. His iron bar instantly appeared from inside his ear. Glow. Commanded Woo-Kong. The monkey swung it toward the two priests. Before the bar hit them, it dropped from the monkey hands. Woo-Kong fell into the ground crying in pain. It hurts! It hurts! He cried. The Tang monk was quietly reciting the tight headband spell. Woo-Kong rolled around kicking and screaming. The two priests jumped up and backed away. Stop reciting the spell! Woo-Kong yelled at the Tang monk. I'm begging you! I won't hurt the priests. The Tang monk stopped and Woo-Kong stood up. The monkey took a deep breath and put the iron bar back in his ear. The Tang monk looked at the two priests. You really don't know where the robe is. No! Said one priest. The head priest ran away last night. He didn't have it with him. Woo-Kong tapped his chin. A monster or demon might have stolen it? Are there any monsters or demons living near here? Some people believe there's a monster in the mountains nearby. Said the other priest. They say it's a black bear spirit. I'll go see if the bear took the robe. Said Woo-Kong. I'll be back soon. Woo-Kong leaped into the air and landed up in mountains. He walked for a bit and then heard voices. Peaking over a boulder, he saw a group of spirits talking. One was a large black bear. The bear laughed. The monastery was on fire last night. I went down to check it out and found a wonderful Buddhist robe. I think it's a Buddhist treasure. Anyway, I stole it. So tonight I'm throwing a feast to celebrate. Oh, God. When Wukong heard the other spirit's lab, he was furious. He jumped over the border and landed in the middle of the group. Give back the robe right now! He cried. He pulled out his iron bar. Or I'll destroy all of you. The spirit will fill it in different directions. Wukong chased the bear until they reached the cave entrance. The bear ran inside and slammed the door shut. Wukong pounded on the cave door. Come out here right now. We're all smashed this door down. The door for the woven. The bear stuffed out. He was holding a lance. Oh, dear. You pound on my door and yell at me. He cried. You stole my master's robe. Said Wukong. I can do whatever I want. Said the bear. I am the black wind king. I'm the most powerful monster in these mountains. I am Sun Wukong, king of the fruit and flower mountains. Said the monkey. I tossed lots of trouble in heaven 500 years ago. The Jade Emperor's entire army couldn't defeat me. The black wind king snorted. You don't impress me. He jabbed his lance at Wukong. Flying! The monkey blocked the lance with his iron bar. Wrest tumbled and rolled downhill as the two warriors fought. After an hour of fighting, the black wind king held up a hand. I need to take a break. It's time for my lunch. Wukong's jaw fell open. What? Before Wukong could say anything else, the bear ran back into his cave. The door slammed shut.