Be to the west, chapter 21, the monster's friend. Wukong stood before Gwanian. He was telling the Bodhisattva everything that had happened at the monastery. Then a bear spirit called the black wind king stole the robe. The monkey went on. I demanded he get it back. We fought until the bear spirit said it was lunchtime and hit in his cave. I kicked the door and yelled insults at him for more than an hour. But he wouldn't come out. You must help me. Wanian sighed. The tying monk should not have shown that robe to the priest. She said. The robe is a Buddhist treasure. When other people see it, they will want it. And as that head priest tried to do, they might harm the tang monk. I agree. Said Wukong. I've told the tang monk many times not to do dumb things. But still he... And you should have put out that fire. Gwanian said, interrupting Wukong. What you did was terrible. Who can't look at the ground? He kicked a pebble. I know. He mumbled. I'll help you get back the robe. Said Gwanian. Let's go. Wukong and Gwanian soared over the ocean. Soon they landed on the mountain. Where is the black wind king's cave? Ask Gwanian. It's close. Said Wukong. We should sneak up to it. They heard footsteps coming closer. Wukong and Gwanian hid as a daos priest to walk along the path. The priest was holding a tray. A bright purple pill sat on the tray. The priest was talking to himself. This is an exciting day. He said. The black wind king has a new robe that is a Buddhist treasure. And I hope he likes the pill I made for him. It will make him live forever Who comes stared at the priest using his magic sight? That's not a priest who can realize it's a wolf spirit dressed as a priest The monkey's eyes a little I have an idea. Bodhisattva A little while later the priest stood before the black wind king's cave door He knocked and the door flew open Are you still here little monkey shouted the black wind queen? Then you saw the priest and smiled oh It's you my old friend. Sorry for yelling a Peski monkey spirit was here a little while ago He looked around. I guess he's gone A monkey spirit was here asked the priest Yes said the bear he kept banging on my door and yelling at me. He was very rude The black wind king patted the priest on the shoulder But let's not talk about him. It's good to see you. How have you been? I'm well said the priest. I brought you a gift to celebrate your new Buddhist treasure He held up the tray with the pill the black wind king looked interested What kind of pill is that? It is a very special pill said the priest with a smile. I Made it just for you. It will make you live forever The black wind king stroked his chin You know I was just thinking this morning that I would like to live forever The bear picked up the pill and opened his mouth wide as you brought the pill up to his mouth the pill wiggled Oh, did the pill just But before the black wind king could finish speaking the pill hotstoff his hand It shot into his mouth and slid down his throat Go