To the West, chapter 26, the monster in the river. I hope we reach the Western Paradise soon. Said the Tang monk one morning. We'll call and his companions were eating breakfast. The monkey laughed. The journey will take many years, Master. And you must face many challenges along the way. Buddha doesn't give the true scriptures to just anyone. You must prove your worthy by surviving a long and difficult journey. The monk sighed. Bajie put down his bowl. I'm tired of this journey. He cried. My legs hurt and we never have enough food. Stop thinking about food, Bajie. Said Wukong. We're Buddhist monks now. We should think only about reaching the Western Paradise. The pig's side. After he washed the bowls, the three companions headed down the road. They soon reached a river. The water's slashed and a purple monster leaked from the waves. Master, stay back. Sheldon Wukong. He pulled out the Zion bar and blocked the monster sphere. Clang. Bajie lunged at the monster swinging his rate. The monster died back into the river. Bajie, my powers aren't strong underwater. Said Wukong. Dive in and get into chase you out of the river. Then I'll surprise him. Okay. Said the pig. Let's wait until he comes all the way up on shore though. Then I'll block his path so he can't go back in the river. Bajie dived into the water. Wukong waited. A moment later, the pig was back with the monster following. The monkey swung his iron bar and missed. The monster dived back underwater. You didn't wait until he was on shore. Said Bajie. You're too impatient. Wukong shrunked in laughter. Let's yell at the monster. Maybe he'll come back. Who can't even barge a yelled at the river for more than an hour? But the monster did not come back. Finally, the monkey side. We can't cross this river with the monster in there. I'll ask Guanyina for help. Who can't wait to mount Pura Laka and told Guanyina about the monster? His name is Shah Woojin. He was waiting for you. He's going to help the Tang monk reach the western paradise. I didn't know that. Kried Wukong. Guanyina went back to the river with Wukong. Shah Woojin. She called. The Tang monk is here. The monster jumped out of the river and bowed. I'm sorry, Bodhisattva. He said. I didn't know he'd arrived. These two are his companions. said Guanyina. She waved her hand toward Wukong and Bajie. Guanyina looks surprised. They attacked me. You attacked us first. Shah had Bajie. Stop arguing. Said Guanyina. Guanyina. Guanyina. You will help the Tang monk reach the west. Yes, Bodhisattva. Said Wukong. Guanyina disappeared and Wukong joined the group. He led the horse while the Tang monk rode. I was being punished for breaking a glass in heaven. Said Wukong one day. When we reached the western paradise, I will be forgiven. Bajie and I were punished for crimes in heaven too. Said Wukong. So is the horse. Did you know the horse is really a dragon? Wujing looked doubtful. His horse is too slow to be a dragon. Oh, really? Said the monkey. Watch this. He struck the horse. The horse shocked down the road as fast as lightning. Its rains were ripped from wujing hand. Pried the Tang monk. When the horse finally stopped, the Tang monk was in a dark forest. He gasped in fear. The horse was filled with wolves, bears and tigers.