Journey to the West, chapter 30, the frying pan. Who Kong and his companions were tied up in a room in the abbey? I will deal with you all in the morning. Said the Great and Mortal. He turned around and left the room. The Tang monk began to cry. It's bad enough that there are dangers along the journey. He said, But my own companions are causing trouble for me. Calm down, Master. Said Wukong. Will get out of this? Master, this is all Wukong's fault. Said Bajie. He stole the ginseng throat and he knocked down the tray. Feeling the fruit was your idea. Shouted the monkey. I can't help it if I was hungry. Said Bajie. You should have refused to steal it. Let's stop arguing and figure out how to escape. Said Bajie. I have a plan. Said Wukong. But we must wait until the Great Immortal is asleep. Late that night, Wukong recited a spell. He shrank to the size of a pea and then slipped out from his ropes. He quickly untied his friends. Let's go. He whispered. The group tipped toe through the dark and silent abbey. When they got outside, the sun was beginning to rise. That was easy. Said Bajie, as they walked down the road. I hope you all learned a lesson from this. Said the Tang monk. Suddenly a voice boomed. You can't escape from me. The Great Immortal flew toward them. Wukong pulled out his iron bar and swung. The Great Immortal moved out of the way. Bajie struck with his rake and wudging stabbed with his spear. But the Great Immortal was fast. He waved his arm and slowly shuck toward the group. Once again, the travelers were swept. Back at the abbey, the greater mortal told his priests to start a fire. Bring out a large frying pan. Said the greater mortal. We're going to fry these criminals. Let's start with Sun Wukong. The priests carried a enormous frying pan into the room. They placed it over the fire. Uh-oh. Thought Wukong. I can sit on that frying pan all day and not get hurt at all. But the Tang monk is mortal. He'll be burned to a crisp. He spotted a statue of a lion nearby. The monkey recited a quick self and made the statue look exactly like himself. Then he disappeared. Through Sun Wukong into the frying pan. Said the greater mortal. Thinking the statue was Wukong, the two priests tried to lift it. This monkey is much heavier than he looks. Said one priest breathing heavily. Yes. Said the other priest panting. They finally dragged the statue to the frying pan and dropped it in. Correct. The frying pan broke in half. The monkey tricked us. Shotted the great immortal. He made that statue look like himself. That rotten monkey. Cried Bajie. He escaped without us. Do you really think he left us? Ask the Tang monk. Look around. Said Bajie. He's gone. He probably returned to the fruit and flower mountain. I'm sure he's playing in a field of flowers right now. Meanwhile, we're trapped here. I don't think he would leave us. Said Woo Jing. The Tang monk started to cry. The great immortal shook with anger. It's bad enough that Sun Wukong wanted to escape. But did he really have to break my frying pan too? He stamped his foot. Bring out another frying pan. We'll fry his companions. Starting with the Tang monk.