The West, chapter 31, won Yens Vaze. The two priests push the Tang monk toward the enormous frying pan. Stop! Cried Wukong. The priests stopped. The great immortal looked around. Wukong appeared and landed on the floor. You can't back! Cried the Tang monk. I was here the whole time. Said the monkey. He gave Bajiean nasty luck. I didn't escape without you. Wukong turned to the great immortal. Please don't harm the Tang monk. He said. I will fix your ginseng tree. But I need to get help. He's lying. Said Bajie. He doesn't know how to fix the tree. Be quiet Bajie. Said Wukong. I'm not lying. The great immortal thought for a moment. Okay Wukong. I will give you one till the end of the day to fix my ginseng tree. If you can't, the Tang monk goes into the frying pan. The monk shook with fear. Don't worry, Master. Said the monkey. I will find help. I'll be back as soon as I can. Wukong shot out of the abbey and was gone. Bajie shook his head. Where do? Wukong saw it through the air until he came to Mount Puralaka. Gwan Yin was meditating in her pagoda. Bauda Zadba. Cried the monkey. I need your help. A Taoist named the Great Immortal is going to fry the Tang monk. I haven't till the end of the day to fix his ginseng tree. What happened to the tree? Ask Gwan Yin. She gave the monkey a suspicious look. Bajieum. Knock it down. Said Wukong. That was a terrible thing to do Wukong. Said Gwan Yin. The great immortal's ginseng tree is older than heaven and earth. It was a rare treasure. The monkey shrugged. I was angry. You must learn to control your anger. Said Gwan Yin. The boat is up for stood up. She went to a shelf and grabbed a vase. This vase is filled with magic dew, she said. It can bring spirit plants such as the ginseng tree back to life. A short while later, Wu Kang in Guan Yin arrived at the abbey. Guan Yin told Wu Kang, Bajie and Wu Jin to stand the tree back up. Guan Yin rose into the air and poured the dew over the ginseng tree. As the dew droplets rolled over the branches, light sparkled. The trees color came back and knew leaves in fruit grew. Soon the tree looked just as it had the day before. To thank everyone, the great immortal decided to host a feast. I would like to share some ginseng fruit with everyone here. He said, everyone went back into the abbey. The two priests brought in trays of ginseng fruits. Ah, said Bajie. This fruit tastes wonderful of you eat it slowly. He looked at Wu Kang. Sorry I didn't believe you earlier. Don't worry about it. Said the monkey. He took a bite of his fruit. The tang monk looked nervously at his fruit. It's safe to eat Guan Yin short him. The monk took a bite and smiled. He looked at the ginseng fruit again. It doesn't look like a baby anymore. He said. The next morning the travelers headed west along the road. Weaks went by as they continued their journey. They walked through rain and sunshine, heat and cold. Up ahead an evil spirit named Lady Whitebone sat by the side of the road. She had been waiting by the road for years. On this day she sniffed the air and smiled. The tang monk was surprised. The tang monk was surprised. The tang monk was surprised. The tang monk was surprised. The tang monk is finally approaching. I will eat him up and I will live forever.