Journey to the West, chapter 37, missing from heaven. Who are you? The monster asked the monkey. What are you doing here? I am Sun Wukong, King of the Fruit and Flower Mountain. Said the monkey. I'm helping the Tang monk reach the Western Paradise. 500 years ago, I caused a lot of trouble in heaven. Now I'm here to cause a lot of trouble for you. I remember you. Said the monster. Wukong pulled out his iron bar and swung it. Woo! The monster vanished. Wukong leaked into the air. He looked in every direction but didn't see the monster anywhere. That monster said he remembered me. Thought Wukong. He must be from heaven. I'll go up there now to see if any spirits are missing. Wukong soared higher and higher until he reached the southern gate of heaven. Greetings Wukong! Said the guard. There's a monster on earth causing trouble for the Tang monk. Said Wukong. I think the monster is a spirit who escaped from heaven. Does anyone missing? The guard sent a messenger to check. A moment later, the messenger returned. A guard was with him. You found the wood wolf star. Said the guard. Who? Asked Wukong. The wood wolf star is a wolf spirit who lives in heaven. Said the guard. He escaped 13 days ago and I've been looking all over for him. Wukong rubbed his chin. That makes sense. He said. The monster kidnapped a princess 13 years ago on earth. 13 years on earth is equal to 13 days in heaven. The guard nodded. Yes. Let's go. I'll help you catch the wood wolf star. We'll call and return to earth with the guard. From the sky, the guard called down. We'll start! Come up here at once! Wukong saw a small splash in a river below. The monster leaped out. The monster turned into a wolf and flew up to the god. The wolf looked nervous. You will be punished. Said the god. He turned and led the wolf back up to heaven. Wukong flew to the precious image kingdom and went into the palace. A big celebration was taking place. The king and queen were both hugging their daughter, Princess Hundred Flowers. The princess saw Wukong and smiled. Father, mother, this is Sun Wukong. He's a monkey spirit who rescued Shawu Jing and me earlier. The king and queen bowed. We can never thank you enough. Said the queen. You and your friends have made us very happy. It was nothing at all. Said Wukong with a laugh. We say people from monsters and demons almost every day. He looked around. Where's the tan monk? The king looked at the ground. Didn't your friends tell you? He's really a tiger. That's that. Said Wukong. That monster turned him into a tiger. That's all. Where is he? The king and queen led Wukong out of the hall. They went down a flight of stairs and arrived at the palace dungeon. A large tiger sat in a cage. Don't worry, master. Said Wukong. I'll change you back into yourself. Wukong recited a spell. Bright to light surround the cage for a moment. The tang monk was back. Wukong grabbed the bars and twisted them apart. Said you Wukong. cried the monk. He took the monk his hands in his own. I never should have told you to leave. Will you continue to journey with us? Wukong smiled. We will reach the western paradise together. We will reach the western paradise together.