Journey to the west. Chapter 40. The Magic Gold. Vajay was in the cave when the door opened. Two small demons entered, dragging Wujing and the Tang monk. What happened. Cried Bajie after the demons left. A demon attacked us. Said Wujing. I tried to fight him but he was too powerful. I'm worried. Said the Tang monk? We don't know what happened to Woo-Kong. In another room inside the cave, Golden Horn talked to some smaller demons. They all laughed when Goon Horn told the Woo-Kong was trapped under three mountains. Let's celebrate. Said one demon. Not yet. Said golden horn. I'm afraid some Woo-Kong might escape. He handed a gore to one of the demons. Take this magic gore to the monkey. Say his name and he will be sucked into the gold. A grand power he will turn into liquid. What the matter? Said the small demon. Errrr. Woo-Kong pushed as hard as he could. But the mountains were too heavy. How will I ever get out of this? Thought the monkey. He was about to push again when the mountains rose into the air. Woo-Kong jumped to his feet and looked around. A spirit stood nearby. Woo-Kong, I am the spirit of these mountains. Please forgive me. I tried to stop that demon from taking my mountains, but he was too powerful. I'm afraid some demons would be able to escape. I'm afraid some demons would be able to escape. I'm afraid some demons would be able to escape. I'm afraid some demons would be able to escape. I was afraid some demons would be able to escape. I could stop that demon from taking my mountains, but he was too powerful. The spirit bowed and then vanished with the mountains. I'm lucky that spirit arrived. Said Woo-Kong. Now I must find my companions. I wonder where that demon lives. He spotted a small dick. and coming down the road. The demon was carrying a gourd. Wukong ducked behind a rock before the demon saw him. Another demon thought the monkey? He probably knows the one who trapped me under the mountains. Wukong made himself look like a demon and stepped back onto the road. Hello? He called. Where are you going? My master said me to capture Sun Wukong. Said the demon. Ha ha! Wukong laughed. I know that monkey and I don't like him at all. I'll help you capture him. Thank you. Said the demon. But I can catch him myself quite easily. Oh really? Asked Wukong. How will you catch him? The demon showed Wukong his gourd. This gourd is magical. If it holds a demon or a spirit, I just have to say, Sun Wukong! And he'll be sucked into it. After an hour, he'll turn into liquid. Suck! Wukong laughed. I have a better gourd. He quickly plucked a hair and turned it into a gourd. He showed the gourd to the demon. It can hold all of heaven. The demon looked interested. I wish I had your gourd. Well, said Wukong. I might be willing to trade gourd with you. The demon gave Wukong a suspicious look. How do I know you're telling the truth? Prove that your gourd can hold all of heaven. Then we'll trade. Bob proved to you. Said Wukong. The monkey recited a quick spell and left his body standing on the road. He flew fast up to heaven. I must make it look like heaven got sucked into this gourd. He thought. I'll ask the guard to close the gate and dim the stars. Then it will look like heaven's gourd. Greetings, Wukong. Said the guard at the southern gate of heaven. I need to pretend that heaven has been sucked into a gourd. Said Wukong. When I say heaven, close the gate and dim the stars. The guard frowned. I can't do that.