The West, Chapter 42, Sun Kong Wu. Who can't struggle to free himself from the Golden Road? The Gord fell from his robe. My magic Gord. Said Golden Horn, picking it up. He dragged Wakong to a dark room in the cave and locked him in. Right away, Wakong made himself tiny and escaped. He flew down a tunnel and squeezed through the cave's main door. Once he was outside, he returned to his normal size. He banged on the cave door. Open up right now! The door flew open and Golden Horn appeared. Sun Wakong. Shout out to the demon. How did you escape? I'm not Sun Wakong. The monkey lied. What do you look just like him? Said Golden Horn. Yes, I do. Said Wakong. Sun Wakong is my twin brother. My name is Sun Kong Wu. Why are you here, Sun Kong Wu? Asked Golden Horn. I know you captured my brother. Said Wakong? Said him free. Golden Horn laughed. I'm not going to do that. Oh, that's too bad. Said Wakong pretending to feel bad. I was hoping to solve this problem without violence. He took the Iron Bar out of his ear. Golden Horn had been holding the guard behind his back the whole time. He quickly held it up and shouted. Sun Kong Wu. Shoo? Wakong was sucked into the guard. Golden Horn put a cap on the guard and went back into his cave. Inside the guard, Wakong stamped his foot. How will I get out of here? I know I won't turn into liquid because I'm going to live forever. But I still have to save my friends. He tapped his chin. I have an idea. He ploughed to hair and made it look almost exactly like himself. There was just one difference. The fake Woo-Kong had no legs. Next Woo-Kong made a hair look like a puddle. He placed the fake Woo-Kong on the puddle. Now it looked as if the fake Woo-Kong's legs had turned into liquid. Then the monkey made himself very, very tiny. Woo-Kong went to the opening of the goard and shouted. Oh no! My legs turned into liquid! The goard shucks out the light as Golden Horn removed the cap. The tiny Woo-Kong leaped out unseen. Golden Horn peered into the goard and saw the fake Woo-Kong in the puddle. Ah! The monkey's legs did turn into liquid. Soon this entire body will be liquid. Ah! Ah! Golden Horn laughed again and closed the goard. He put the goard down and started eating. The real Woo-Kong returned to his normal size and then made himself look like a demon. He walked over to Golden Horn. Hello, sir. Said Woo-Kong. Are you enjoying your lunch? Yes. Said Golden Horn. Woo-Kong picked up the goard. Is Sun-Kong Woo still in here? Yes. Said Golden Horn. He will turn completely into liquid soon. Stop asking all your questions. I'm trying to eat my lunch. Golden Horn tilted his head to take a drink. Woo-Kong slipped the goard into his robe. He quickly made a fake goard with one of his hairs. He put it on the table and then ran outside. Woo-Kong changed back into himself and then banged on the cave door again. Golden Horn threw the door open. My name is Kong Sun-Woo. Said Woo-Kong. You captured my nephews. Return them at once. Golden Horn held up the fake goard. Kong Sun. Wow! Cried Woo-Kong interrupting the demon. I have a goard that looks just like that.