Journey to the West, Chapter 44, the King's Ghost. The man walked into the Tang Monts Room. Who are you? After Tang Monk nervously. I'm King of the Black Rooster Kingdom. Sedanan. My kingdom suffered a horrible drought five years ago. Crops wouldn't grow when my people were starving. One day a dowel was derived in the kingdom. He said he had great powers and could pray for rain. Did the dowel's prayers bring rain? Asked the Tang Monk. The King nodded. It rains for days and our crops began to grow. Wonderful. Said the Tang Monk with a smile. But then his smile faded. I'm confused. Why do you need my help? The King took a deep breath. After the dowel's thought the rain, we became close friends. One day we were walking when I noticed a strange light coming from my well. I went to the well and looked in. Suddenly I felt someone pushed me in. It was the dowest. He had made the life with magic so he could trick me. I found deep into the water and he sealed the well. Tears came to the King's eyes. My body is still down there. I'm just a ghost. That's horrible. Is that the Tang Monk? Your guard's punished the dowest, right? The King shook his head. The dowest made himself look like me and now everyone thinks he's the real King. The King passed. I've been in the land of darkness ever since. Tonight a spirit brought me to see you. He said you can help me. How can I help you? Ask the Tang Monk. I'm just a monk. Yes, but you're traveling with Sun Wukong! Said the King? Sun Wukong is very powerful. He can destroy the Dauest! The Tang monk hesitated. Wukong can't charge into the palace and attack the Dauest. People will think the monk is evil, attacking a King for no reason. My son, the prince can bring all of you into the palace. Said the King? Then Sun Wukong can fight the Dauest in private. Where can we find the prince? Ask the monk. He will be out hunting tomorrow. Said the King? To him everything I told you. But he won't believe us. Said the monk? He thinks that Dauest is his father. Show him this. The King held up a Jade Queen. This is the one royal treasure I still have. When my son sees it, he'll know you're telling me truth. Suddenly the King looked at the Dauer. The spirit is calling me. Let us go! The King vanished. The Tang monk called to his companions who rushed into the room. The monk told them everything that the King had said. He showed me a Jade Queen. Said the monk? He looked around. I don't know where it is now, though. It was just a dream. Said Wukong? No, it wasn't a dream. Said the monk still looking around. He went outside and the other followed. There it is. A Jade Queen lay on the ground by the door. The next morning the prince went out hunting. He saw a white rabbit and shot an arrow. He missed and the rabbit ran. The prince chased the rabbit as it ran into a monastery. Inside the prince saw a monk, a pig, and a purple spirit. Then the rabbit turned into a monkey. What's going on here? Clyde the prince. The monk stepped forward. Don't be scared, Prince. We must tell you something.