West, chapter 48, the scared boy. Who conquered at the mountains? A red cloud, he's appearing over those mountains. He said, there must be a demon ahead. The road leads right into those mountains. Said the Tang monk nervously. Who connotted? We must be careful. He pulled out his iron bar and held it up. Roo-Jing held up his spear, and Vajay held up his rake. The group walked cautiously. A red demon sat on a mountain peak, watching the travelers approach. The Tang monk is finally arrived in my mountain. The demon said to himself. I've heard that you need just one bite of him will make me live forever. The demon looked at the travelers again. Uh-oh. The monks companions have their weapons out. Who conn stared at the mountains? A red cloud, he's appearing over those mountains. He said, there must be a demon ahead. The road leads right into those mountains. Said the Tang monk nervously. Who connotted? We must be careful. He pulled out his iron bar and held it up. Roo-Jing held up his spear, and Vajay held up his rake. The group walked cautiously. A red demon sat on a mountain peak, watching the travelers approach. The Tang monk is finally arrived in my mountain. The demon said to himself. I've heard that you need just one bite of him will make me live forever. The demon looked at the travelers again. Uh-oh. The monks companions have their weapons out. They probably saw my red cloud. I'll have to trick them with a disguise. The demon made himself look like a scared little boy. Then he went down to the road, sat alongside it, and waited. Soon the travelers approached. The Tang monk saw the boy and got down from his horse. Master, that's a demon. Worned Roo-Kong. The Tang monk scowled at the monkey. He's just a scared little boy. He turned back to the boy. What's wrong? My family was attacked by robbers. said the boy. Please help me. I know what you are. Shattered Wukong. You're a demon. I will let you eat the Tang monk. The boy looked horrified. Woke on. Snap the Tang monk. You're staring him. Ah. Master, you're being a fool again. Cried the monkey. You always fall for demon's tricks, and you never believe me. Be quiet, Wukong. Said the Tang monk. Or I'll recite the tight headband spell. Wukong glared angrily at the boy. But he didn't say another word. The Tang monk helped the boy to stand up. Can you walk? Ask the monk. The boy shook his head. My leg is injured. The Tang monk waved Wukong over. Please carry the boy. And don't be leans to him. The group continued west with Wukong carrying the boy in his back. The monkey walks slowly, and soon his companions were far ahead. You trick the Tang monk. Said Wukong to the boy. But you haven't tricked me. I know you're a demon. I don't know what you're talking about. Said the boy. A powerful wind blew up, including trees and almost knocking over Wukong. The monkey laughed. I know that you're making this wind blow. Use all the magic you want. You won't be able to blow me away. I once defeated Heaven's entire army. The road now ran along the edge of a cliff. Wukong looked down. Thought throw you over the edge of this cliff. He said. Then I'll just tell the Tang monk you ran away. The monkey tried to grab the boy from his back. But at that moment the boy disappeared. Wukong laughed. He must have gotten scared. The wind suddenly grew stronger and dust filled the air. Wukong heard screams and rushed ahead to find his friends. Master! Cried the monkey, trying to see through the dust. Where are you? When the wind stopped he saw Bajie and Wu Jin lying by the road. That was some wind. Said the pig getting up. It knocked us over. Said Wu Jin. Wukong looked frantically around. Where's Master? Oh no! Cried Bajie. That boy was a demon. He kidnapped Master. Wukong shook his head. Let's all go home. The journey is over.