I need to the West. Chapter 49. Red boy. Wolfong is right. Sid Bajie. We should all go home and forget about reaching the Western Paradise. I'll return to my cave and take a nice long nap. Bajie started to walk away. Woojin Grapton. Are you crazy? He looked at Woocon. We can't go home. I know that. Said the monkey. I wasn't serious about going home. But I'd angry with Master. How many times have I warned him about demons? He never believes me. If he had listened to me earlier, he wouldn't have been kidnapped. Huh. Woocon's side. We need to figure out where the demon took him. I'll summon a local spirit. The monkey closed his eyes and muttered some words. A soft breeze blew and then a spirit appeared. Hello, son Woocon. Said the spirit. I am the spirit of this mountain. Our master was kidnapped by a demon. Said Woocon. We think the demon lives near here, but we don't know where. Told you. Said the spirit. He looked nervous. Your master was probably kidnapped by Red Boy, a very nasty demon. His cave is near the peak of that mountain. The spirit pointed to a nearby mountain. You shouldn't go there, though. The spirit continued. Red Boy is very powerful. His father is the gold demon. Every gold demon king, one of the most horrible demons ever. A smile spread across Woocon's face and he began to laugh. Ha ha ha ha. That is good news. Everyone looked at the monkey and surprised. Why is that good news? Asked Woojin. The gold demon king is an old friend of mine. Said Woocon. Before I cause trouble in heaven, I was friends with a group of demon kings. The both demon kings wanted them. When I tell Red Boy who I am, he'll release the Tayingonk right away. The three travelers said goodbye to the Spirit and headed up the mountain. They came to a cave near the peak. The door was closed. We'll calm not. Open up, Red Boy. I need to speak with you. The door blew open and Red Boy stepped out. Who are you? Demand did Red Boy? What do you want? You kidnapped our master, the Tayingonk said the monkey. Please return him to us. Red Boy snorted. I'm not going to return the Tayingonk to you. I'm going to eat him and live forever. Now go away before I get very angry. We're con laughed. My dear boy, you don't realize who you're talking to. I am Sun Wukong, Lamonti King, your father and I are old friends. I don't care who you are. Said Red Boy. Now all of you, get off my mountain. Who conch should have had pretending to be disappointed? I was hoping we could solve this problem nicely. He removed the Iron Bar from his ear. Red Boy laughed. Do you think I'm scared of your little weapon? This Iron Bar is a treasure from heaven. Said Goukong. It was used to measure the oceans and rivers. It is very powerful and can do whatever I tell it to do. The monkey popped out his chest. Never turn the Tayingonk at once or I'll destroy your entire mountain. I also have a powerful weapon. Said Red Boy. I'll show it to you. The demon pushed himself in the nose. Smoke poured from his nostrils and fired him from his mouth. A moment later, flames covered the entire mountain side.