Each of the West, chapter 51, Guangyan becomes angry. Bajie didn't know Guangyan was really red boy in disguise. The Tang Monkeys and Shobl said the pig to the fake Guangyan. A demon named Red Boy is planning to eat him. Can you help us? Of course, said the fake Guangyan. I know Red Boy. He's very nice. I doubt he'll harm the Tang Monk. Let's go to Red Boy's cave and talk to him. Bajie and the fake Guangyan flew to Red Boy's cave. Bajie went in first. Red Boy returned to his normal appearance and then sneaked up behind Bajie. He threw a sack over the cave. Hey, what's going on? Shouda Bajie. Not not one in you fool. The demon laughed. I'm Red Boy, and now you're trapped. The demon locked Bajie in a room. Why isn't Bajie back yet? Asked Rujing. Rukong crowned. He probably stopped to take a nap. That pig is so lazy. Rujing nodded. Yes, he's very lazy. What should we do now? I'm going to sneak into Red Boy's cave. I want to make sure the Tang Monk is still alive. Then I'll go to Guangyan myself. The monkey turned himself into a bee and flew up the mountain. He slipped through the cave door and flew down a long tunnel. Soon he heard the Tang Monk crying. Master is scared. Thought Wukong. But at least he still alive. The monkey went hurt a shot. It was Bajie. You filthy demon. How dare you make yourself look like Guanyin and pull me. I thought Wukong. Bajie didn't take a nap after all. I must go to the real Guanyin right away. The monkey flew out of the cave and told Wujing what he just learned. Then he jumped onto a flower. and headed south. He found Guangyan in her pagoda. Woo-Kong, why are you here? Asked Guangyan. We have a problem, Bodhisattva. Said the monkey. The Tang monk was caught by a demon named Red Boy. The demon next magic fire that water can't load out. Bajie was on his way here to ask for your help. But the demon made himself look like you and trick the pig. Guangyan's face burned with anger. How dare that demon make himself look like me? The Bodhisattva grabbed a vase and stormed outside. She threw the vase down into the ocean where sight beneath the waves. Who congasted? That vase was a Buddhist treasure. Why did you throw it away? Guangyan didn't answer. A minute later, the water rumbles. The vase was here. It was a top-to-chel of a giant turtle. The turtle came onto the shore and bowed his head. Go down and get the vase, Guangyan. The monkey ran down the mountain and tried to pick up the vase. Who congasted? And used all of the strength. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't lift the vase at all. Bodhisattva? He called. It's just a small vase, but I can't lift it. Guangyan came down the mountain. That vase just traveled around the world through all the oceans and rivers. It now holds an ocean's worth of water, magic water. The water will put out red boys fire. Guangyan picked up the vase with one hand. She held up her other hand and several swords appeared. She weighed them and they turned into a large lotus set for me. I have what I need now. Say Guangyan.