The West, Chapter 52, an ocean from a vase. Wukong and Guanyin stood on the lotus platform above Red Boys Mountain. Let's attack Red Boys now! Said the monkey. Wait, Wukong said Guanyin holding up a hand. There's a lot of water in this vase. Enough for an ocean. I don't want any animals harmed when I pour it out. She decided a quick spell. A moment later, the local spirit arrived. What is our far? Said the spirit. What can I do for you? I'm going to pour a magic water around Red Boys Mountain. Said Guanyin. Please make sure all the animals are far away from the mountain. Yes, what is our far? Said the spirit. The spirit flew down to Earth. Wukong watched the ground below. First, he saw some small animals scurry out from under bushes. Birds flew from branches. Then tigers bears and other large animals stampede it down the mountain side. Soon there was an a single animal anywhere near the mountain. Now I can pour the water out. Said Guanyin. She took the vase and rolling waves of water poured out. The waves washed down with little stuff the mountain. The water level rose higher and higher, forming and ocean. Only the top of the mountain was above water. Wukong, go down there and get the demon to come out. Said Guanyin. Fight him, but don't defeat him. Instead, lead him up here to me. Wukong jumped down to the mountain. He pulled out his iron bar and slung it. The door to the cave exploded. Red Boy ran out of the cave looking furious. You smashed my front door! He shouted. That's right. Said the monkey. And I'll smash you if you don't release my friends. Red Boy laughed and then punched himself in the nose. Nothing happened. Why didn't my fire magic work? Ask the demon. Then he noticed the ocean surrounding his mountain. Who con lapped? Ha ha ha ha ha. That is magic water brought here by the boat is not a gl onion. You can make fire anywhere near it. Ah! Red boys, stabbed at who con with his lands. Climb! The monkey blocked the lands with his iron bar. Red boy clunted and stabbed again. Who con slung his iron bar, nearly knocking the lands from red boys hands? The two fought until who con was sending him to be scared, who leaked into the air? Red boy followed. Up into the sky they flew. Red boy kept jabbing his lands at who con? The monkey blocked it with his iron bar. Who con purry for Guangyin on the lotus platform? He flew fast and ducked behind her. When Red boy saw the boat as a fa, he stopped. What are you doing here, boat as a fa? He demanded. Guangyin stared back at the demon, but she didn't say a word. I asked why you're here! shouted Red boy. Again Guangyin didn't answer. Did we call him after you to come here? shouted the demon. Why don't you speak? Guangyin continued to stare silently at Red boy. The demon became furious. He raised his lands and sucked toward Guangyin. The boat is not far vanished. Red boy laughed. He looked at the empty lotus platform. Who con is a fool? He couldn't defeat my fire magic, so he asked Guangyin for help. Then what did she do? She ran away as soon as I raised my weapon. Now this boat is treasurer's mind. Red boy sat down on the platform. Instantly the platform turns fast into swords, which surrounded the demon. Sharp points stuck to him on all sides. Oh no! Fried Red boy. Come track!