Perny to the West, chapter 53, the man in the canoe. From behind Guanyin, Wukong peaked at Red Boy. The demon was trapped by the swords all pointed at his face. Get these swords away from me! Cried the demon. You must become a Buddhist. said Guanyin, then I'll release you. I promise. Cried Red Boy. I'll do whatever you say! Guanyin recited a spell and the swords vanished. Red Boy's eyes belashed with anger. Bota's adva, watch out! Cried Wukong. Red Boy charged toward Guanyin. Wukong jumped in front of him. The monkey was about to strike the demon when Guanyin held up five metal bands. She threw them at Red Boy. Instantly they clapped around his head, ripped and ankles. Evil, demon! Said Guanyin. How dare you try to attack me? Unable to move, Red Boy glared at Guanyin. Wukong raised his iron bar to strike him. No, Wukong. said Guanyin. Don't hurt the demon. I will take him back to Mount Pada Laka to be my student. Yes, Bodhisattva. Said the monkey. Guanyin took the base down to Earth. She recited a spell and all the water flowed back into the base. She then led Red Boy towards the south. Wukong went into Red Boy's cave and freed the time monk. Then he found Bodje and freed him. The three of them went down the mountain and found Wujing. The group continued west. They traveled for weeks and then months. One day they came to a wide river. I can't believe we have to cross enough. Muddled by Jay. There are many rivers between here and the west, said Wukong. We'll have to cross them all. How will we cross this one? Ask the Tang monk. A small canoe came into view. A man paddled it toward the travelers. As the man paddled, he stared at the Tang monk. Greetings. Called the man as he came closer. Do you all need a ride across the river? Yes. Said the Tang monk. We were just wondering how we would get across. We're going to the west to get scriptures from Buddha. You must be the Tang monk. Said the man brightly. I've heard you would pass through this area eventually. Really? Ask the Tang monk. Yes. Said the man with a smile. Your famous. He glanced down at his canoe. I would be happy to take you all across. But as you can see, my canoe is not very big. I can take only two passengers at a time. As the man talked, Wukong watched him carefully. Something about the man didn't look quite right. The monkey was about to say something when Baja is stepped forward. The Tang monk and I will go first. Said the pig. Wukong hesitated. Master, I don't think this is a good idea. The Tang monk frowned. You never trust people Wukong. This kind man is willing to help us cross the river. The monkey bit his lid as the monk and Baja climbed into the canoe. They sat down and the man paddled away from shore. Wukong watched the canoe glide across the river. When it was about halfway across, Wukong noticed something. Am I imagining things or is the canoe sinking as the monkey? Wujing looked. You're not imagining things. He said. It is sinking. The two of them watched is the canoe slipped under the surface of the water. Wukong stamped his foot. That man kidnapped Master in Baja. A new he looks suspicious.