It's to the west, chapter 56, the tiger immortal. Wukong let the monks to his companions. The monks told the time monk everything that they had told Wukong. That's terrible. That's the time monk. We must help you. Yes! The monkey agreed? I'll deal with the tiger immortal in the morning. The monks knew of an empty building nearby. They led the travelers there and everyone went to sleep for the night. The next morning, Wukong woke up early. Someone was pounding on the door of the building. A voice boomed. I am the tiger immortal. The time monk's eyes puffed over him. He and all the other monks trembled with fear. Here, Wujing and Bodji drew their weapons. Wukong smiled. No worry, everyone. I'll deal with this villain. The monkey went outside. Who are you? Demanded the tiger immortal. I am Sunwul Kong. Said the monkey. And you should be ashamed of yourself. Just because you're a little powerful, you think you can treat the Buddhist monks badly. A little powerful. The tiger immortal looked offended. I am very powerful. Wukong laughed. You're not as powerful as I am. Did you know that the Jade Emperor is afraid of me? I was defeated his entire army. The tiger immortal puffed out his chest. I can summon rain. He said. I doubt you can do that. Wukong snored as a... I can summon rain. It's easy. Well then, let's have a contest. Said the tiger immortal. Whoever summons more rain is the winner. If you win, I'll let you and all the monks go free. But if I win, you must stay here and be my slaves. You're up for said Wukong. I accept your challenge. The tiger immortal led everyone. into town. In the center of town was a daust altar, a stone tablet in sent sticks and papers with magic writing were on the altar, a crowd of people arrived to see what was going on. I will go fast. Announce the Tigre mortal. He walked toward the altar. The tang monk shook his head. This is terrible. He muttered. Bajie glanced at him. Don't worry, Master. We'll go and win this contest. But what if he doesn't win? Ask the monk. We'll all be stuck here, forced to work for the Tigre immortal. If that happens, we'll never reach the western paradise. The true scriptures will never get to the tang empire. The monk buried his face in his hands. Bajie is right, Master. Said, Wu Jing. We have nothing to worry about. Wukong stood by them smiling. From the altar, the Tigre mortal called out. I will now pray to heaven for rain. The Tigre mortal lit the incense and then sat down. He closed his eyes and began to recite a spell. Next, he lit one of the papers on fire. When that one went out, he lit another paper. Soon all of the papers were gone. The Tigre mortal lifted the stone tablet and then slammed it down. There was a gas from the crowd. Wukong looked up at the side, which was becoming dark. Wind blew and dark clouds moved in. Thunder rumbled. The tang monk trembled. Oh no, it's working. It's going to rain. Wukong chuckled. You all lay here. Probably you're right back. The monkey recited a quick spell and then left his body. Up in the sky, he found the old woman of the wind fanning the clouds. The dragon king of the Eastern Sea was approaching. Wukong called out. That's what you're doing. Don't make any rain.