To the West, chapter 58, the Meditation Contest. I challenge you to a Meditation Contest. Said the Tigre mortal? Whoever can meditate the longest without moving is the winner. Who congled? I used to meditate a lot, he thought. But I haven't done it lately. I'm terrible at sitting still. The Tang Monk stepped forward. I've stepped your challenge. Master, are you sure? Ask Rujing. The Tang Monk nodded. I've spent many years meditating. This contest will be easy for me. The Tigre mortal grinned. This won't be an ordinary meditation contest. We will float in the air in meditate. Can you do that? Now that Tang Monk looked nervous. But before the monk could answer, we've conclapped him on the back. Of course the Tang Monk can float in the air. The monk he replied, then he whispered into the monk's ear. Don't worry, Master. You just meditate. I'll handle everything else. What are you babbling about? Snap the Tigre mortal. Let's start the contest. The Tigre mortal and the Tang Monk went in front of the crowd. They sat down with their legs crossed and their palms facing up. They closed their eyes and started meditating. After a moment the Tigre mortal slowly floated up into the air. Ah, said Bajie. Master can't do that. He'll lose the contest. Don't worry. Sid Wukong. He just needs some help from me. The monk he recited a spell and then blew toward the Tang Monk. The monk lifted off the ground. His eyes remained closed. Soon he was floating next to the Tigre mortal. I think Master will win this contest. Sid Wujing. I'm pretty good at meditating too. Sid Bajie. I could have competed in this contest. Wukong's smart. It would take a lot of magic to lift you, Bajie. The pig's mortar. Master Space is twitching! said Woojing suddenly. I'll said Bajie. I wonder what's wrong. Maybe he has a heavy. said Woojing. This isn't good. If the monk moves at all, he will lose the contest. Wukong looked up at the tang monk. I think he has an itch. Said the monkey. Wait here. Wukong became invisible and flew up to the monk. A flee was crawling on the monk's head. hmmm, thought Wukong. why would have flee beyond the tang monk? he has no hair. the monkey bit his lip. the tiger immortal must have used magic to put this flee here. then rotten cheer. Wukong brushed the flee away and scratched the tang monk's head. the monk's face stopped twitching. now I'll teach the tiger immortal a lesson. thought Wukong. the monkey plucked one of his hairs and turned it into a synopee. he dropped the synopee onto the tiger immortal's head. the tiger immortal's ear twitched as the synopee crawled over it. then the synopee crawled along his mouth. the tiger immortal's lip curled slightly. if those wrinkled. next the synopee crawled on the tiger immortal's nose. the tiger immortal's sniff. and then. now. cry the tiger immortal. something bit me. he lost his concentration and fell. hitting the ground with a pup of smoke. when the smoke cleared a dead tiger lay on the ground. the crowd gasped. Wukong and the tang monk came back down. the crowd was silent. daoists and Buddhists all stared at one another. the monkey cleared his throat. the tiger immortal was just an evil tiger spirit. now that he's gone. i want you daoists to treat the Buddhists kindly. everybody should live together peacefully.