The West, chapter 61, the demon under the ice. Wu Kang leaped into the air. His three companions and the horse fell into the water with a splash. Baja climbed back out coughing. Wu Jain came up next, pulling the horse behind him. Where's the Tang monk? Cried Wu Kang. Below the ice, the Tang monk struggled as the demon carried him deep under water. The demon laughed. You all fell from my trick. I froze the river and waited for you to cross it. Once you were above me, I cracked the ice open. As soon as a friend's leave, I will eat you and live forever. They arrived at a palace, a sign over the door red, residence of the river turtle. The demon went inside and locked the monk in a stone box. Up on the ice, Wu Kang peaked back and forth. The ice didn't crack by accident. Said the monkey. I'm sure it was the demon. The demon probably caused this strange cold weather too. He made a fest. I can't believe we felt for his trick. We must save the Tang monk. Wu Kang stopped pacing and looked at his companions. My powers aren't very strong under water. You two must go down there and death the demon to come back up. I also prized. Wu Jain embod jaded and dived into the river. They soon spotted a palace. Wu Jain read the sign over the door. Residents of the river turtle. I wonder if the demon is in here. Bajie knocked on the door. Oh, but not. He shouted. The door opened and the demon stepped out. He was holding a large hammer. Walk to you walk. He asked. Did you kidnap our master? Asked Wu Jain. Yes. Said the demon. plan to eat him. Now go away. The demon tried to close the door, but Wu Jing stopped the door with a spear. The demon moved toward him. Bajie's raking crashing down. Cling! The demon blocked the rake with his hammer. This shall other creatures fled as the three spheres tossed. After a few minutes, Bajie pretended to be scared. He swam upward and Wu Jing soon followed. Goar! Called the demons, swimming after them towards the surface. The demon jumped out of the water and onto the ice. Wukong was waiting for him. The monkey swung his iron bar. The demon dumped. The bar hit the ice. The demon swung his hammer. FAMM! More cracks formed in the ice. Cling! Boom! Clash! What then? The spirit sought on the break and ice. The demon hit Bajie's legs. Wow! Cride the pig. He's still at across the ice and slammed into Wu Jing. If the purple spirit slipped and fell. The demon laughed and dived back under the ice. Bajie and Wu Jing stood back up. The demon escaped. Said the pig. We must stop him before he eats the Tang monk. Said we'll con. Go back down there and try to lead him up here again. Wu Jing and Bajie dived into the river. When they reached the palace, they found a huge pile of rocks blocking the door. Bajie struck the rocks with his rape. The right bounced off the rock pile. The rocks didn't move at all. Wu Jing stashed at the rocks with his spear. Again, the rocks didn't move. What kind of rocks are these? Cride the pig. And maybe they're held in place with magic. Said Wu Jing. They returned to the surface of the river and told Wukong about the rocks. The monkey sighed. We need Guanyinan's help.