Journey to the West, chapter 62, the Goldfish in the basket. Who come landed on Mount Podelaka? A young man was meditating in the garden. Where's Guanyina? Ask the monkey. She's making a basket. Said the man. He glanced off at the monkey. It's good to see you again, Wukong. Who conged this puzzle? How do you know my name? Don't you recognize me? Said the man. Who congeds for a moment and then gasped? You're red boy! You look like a kind spirit now. Yes? Said red boy. I'm not an evil demon anymore. And I have you to thank for that. You brought Guanyina into me. She is Tommy all about Buddhism and now I'm very happy. You're welcome. Said Wukong. You and I have a lot in common. We were both evil, causing all sorts of problems. Now we're both Buddhists. Guanyina came over holding a basket. Hello, Wukong. Said the boat is out for. I knew you would come here today. I've been working on this basket all morning. A look of confusion spread across the monkey's face. That's a nice basket for the Zatha. But what is it for? This basket has magical powers. Said Guanyina. I will catch the demon with it. Let's go. Wukong returned to the river with Guanyina. The boat is up by use to rope to lower the basket into the river. She recited a spell and then waited. After a moment she pulled the basket out of the water. Wukong looked in the basket. A small goldfish was flopping around in it. The monkey laughed. I guess you need to try again, Bota Zatha. That's not the demon. This is my goldfish. Said Guanyina. This is my goldfish. Said Guanyina. It usually lives in my lotus palm. The pond is near my garden where I teach my students. After years of listening to my lessons, the fish became a spirit. It escaped to Earth a few days ago. I had been wondering where it was. A few days ago, repeated Wukong. That means it's been on Earth for a few years. Correct, said Guanyinan. The Tang Monk is safe now. You may go free him and continue your journey to the Western Paradise. Guanyinan flew off and Wukong swam down to the palace. Now that the goldfish was gone, so was its magic. The Monky smashed the rocks with his iron bar and went inside. Master, I'm here! He cried. He got the Monk out of the box and carried him out of the river. By now all the villagers had heard that Wukong had saved Chen Sun. When the travelers returned, the villagers cheered. Please stay in our village! Said a man. Yes, said an old woman. There's no rush to leave. You! Stay for as long as you like! Thank you. Said the Tang Monk. But we could stay only one more night to rest. In the morning we must leave. We still have far to travel. The villagers held a feast for the travelers that evening. By the time everyone went to sleep, it was late. The next morning the travelers woke to the sound of chopping. What's going on? Ask the Tang Monk. They went to the river and found a very busy scene. Several men were chopping down trees. Other people carried tools. We're building about for you! Said a smiling man. Thank you. Said the Monk. He and his companions sat down by the water to wait. Suddenly there was a rumble and waves splash onto the shore. Everyone stared in fear as a large creature rose from the waves.