West, Chapter 65, The Metal Ring The demon tied up the Tang monk in a dark room That the demon dried in Baja and Wujing. They were still trapped in the vests The demons dumped them in a corner and approached the monk I've been hoping you would pass my mountain The demon said with an evil smile Please let us go Said the Tang monk We're trying to reach the western paradise I know where you're going Said the demon I also know that I live forever if I eat you Who are you? Demanded Wujing from the corner The demon turned to face him I am one horned buffalo Not friend will find a suit Set Baja He's very powerful And when he learns that you kidnapped us He'll destroy your entire mountain One horned buffalo smrunch Who is your friend? His name is Sun Wukong Set Baja The demon's smart disappeared Is he the Sun Wukong who caused trouble in heaven? The demon sounded nervous Yes he is Set Wujing Heaven's entire army couldn't defeat him Even the Jade Emperor is afraid of him Baja added One horned buffalo stood taller Well I'm not afraid of him The demon walked out of the room Once he was away from the others though he grew worried again That monkey is powerful He said to himself I'm going to need my special weapon to defeat him He lifted his sleeves Revealing a metal ring around his farm Carrying food Wukong returned to where he left his friends When he didn't see them he looked up toward the monastery The building was gone And its place was a dark cave Wukong shook his head That monastery was an illusion A demon must have made it to trick people. He stamped his foot. I don't like friends believe me when I warn them about demons. He put down the food and rushed to the cave. Open up! Shout at the monkey. If you don't turn this entire mountain into a pile of rubble! The door full of open, and one horned buffalo stepped out. Why are you yelling? Demand at the demon. It's rude. Release my friends. Yelts Wukong. No. One horned buffalo fold it his arms. I'm not going to release your friends. They're criminals. They stole my valuable silk vests. That's a lie. Said Wukong. The Tang monk is a good and honest man. He would never steal. I can't believe you would even suggest. It was the break. Said the demon. Oh, the monkey scratched his head. Well, then I believe you. But that doesn't matter. Wukong pulled out his iron bars. Wung it up the demon. One horned buffalo dodged the bar. Which emits into the map side. Rocks exploded and tumbled down the mountain slope. The demon glared at Wukong. I remember you. The Jade Emperor, my fear you but I don't. He rushed at Wukong and the monkey swung his iron bar again. The demon blocked it with his arm. Man. Cow. Cried one horned buffalo rubbing his arm. He fell to his knees and turned his back to the monkey. My iron bar is not an ordinary weapon. Said Wukong. It's extremely heavy. He noticed the demon reaching up his sleeve. What are you doing? One horned buffalo spun around holding up the metal ring. Instead, Wukong felt himself being pulled toward the ring. Using all of his strength. The monkey reached into the air. But the bar was rushed from his hands. It flew into the metal ring and fast.