Journey to the West Chapter 66 helped from heaven. One horn buffalo went back into his cave and slammed the door shut. He stole my iron bar! Cried Wukong! What am I going to do. He thought for a moment. That demon said he remembered me. He also mentioned the Jade Emperor. Maybe that demon escaped from heaven. The monkey shot into the sky and soon arrived at the southern date of heaven. He told the guard everything that had happened. The guard sent a messenger to see if any spirits were missing from heaven. The messenger returned quickly with a warrior. The warrior held a large sword. The Emperor sent me. Said the warrior. Nobody is missing from heaven. But I will arrest one horn buffalo for you. Wukong returned to earth with the warrior. The warrior banged on the cave door. Open up one horn buffalo! The demon came outside and I the warrior. What do you want? The warrior puffed out his chest. I'm here to arrest you. One horn buffalo seen ordered. Go away! How dare you tell me to go away? Said the warrior. The Jade Emperor sent me. He pointed his sword at the demon. If you don't come with me, I'll have you. One horned buffalo held up the metal ring and wish the warrior sword flew into it. The warrior space fell as he looked at his empty hand. The demon laughed and went back into the cave. That metal ring is powerful. Said the warrior to Hukong. We need more help. They returned to heaven and bow before the Jade Emperor. I'm sorry, Your Majesty. Said the warrior. But the demon stole my sword. I need more help. The Jade Emperor turned to his general. Send the fire god to earth with ease too. A fire God joined Wukong and the warrior. The God held a large, flaming spear. I'll arrest the demon for you. Said the God. The three of them went down to earth and landed on the mountain. The fire God stood in front of the cave door. He held up his fire spear and shouted. Come out one horned buffalo. You are under arrest. The cave door opened and the demon stepped outside. Who are you? I'm a fire God sent by the Jade Emperor. Said the God. One of the one to buckle aloft. I'm not afraid of you. The fire God threw the flaming spear to the demon. But once again the demon held up the metal ring. The spear was gone. The demon returned to his cave. Wukong shook his head. This is bad. The three of them returned to heaven and bowed before the Jade Emperor. Your majesty. Said the fire God. One horned buffalo is very powerful. I wasn't able to arrest him. We need more help. The Jade Emperor sighed and turned to his general. Send a thunder God within this time. Back down on earth, Wukong watched as the thunder God approached the cave door. Be careful. Whorn the warrior. Yes. Said the fire God. The demon's metal ring is very dangerous. Ha ha ha. The thunder God laughed. Don't worry about me. He turned to the cave door and boomed. One horned buffalo, you are under arrest. The cave door opened and one horned buffalo stepped outside. The thunder God instantly hurled his thunderbills at the demon. One horned buffalo held up the metal ring and wish the thunderbolt was gone. The demon looked around at everyone and laughed. Thank you for all the weapons. He went back into his cave and slammed the door shut again.